feat: Add enhanceGQLSyntaxError and minifyGQLSource. (#3)
autotelic/graphql-schema-tools: README.md

}

```

#### `minifyGQLSource`: `(source: string) => string`

Returns the provided `source` with all redundant whitespace stripped out.

##### Example

```js
const { minifyGQLSource } = require('@autotelic/graphql-schema-tools')

const schema = `
  type Query {
    foo: String
    bar(foo: String, id: ID): String
  }
`

const minified = minifyGQLSource(schema)
// The resulting minified schema will look like:
// 'type Query{foo:String bar(foo:String,id:ID):String}'
```

#### `enhanceGQLSyntaxError`: `(error: GraphQLError) => GraphQLError`

> If the provided `error` contains `source` and `locations` properties, `enhanceGQLSyntaxError` will return the provided `GraphQLError` with a modified `message` - containing a condensed snipped of where in the source the error occurred.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the provided `error` contains `source` and `locations` properties, `enhanceGQLSyntaxError` will return the provided `GraphQLError` with a modified `message` - containing a condensed snippet showing where in the source the error occurred.
```
